CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, before:

# Contributor Code of Conduct
## Version 0.3a-angular

As contributors and maintainers of the Angular project, we pledge to respect everyone who contributes by posting issues, updating documentation, submitting pull requests, providing feedback in comments, and any other activities.

Communication through any of Angular's channels (GitHub, IRC, mailing lists, Google+, Twitter, etc.) must be constructive and never resort to personal attacks, trolling, public or private harrassment, insults, or other unprofessional conduct.

We promise to extend courtesy and respect to everyone involved in this project regardless of gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, race, ethnicity, religion, or level of experience. We expect anyone contributing to the Angular project to do the same.

If any member of the community violates this code of conduct, the maintainers of the Angular project may take action, removing issues, comments, and PRs or blocking accounts as deemed appropriate.

If you are subject to or witness unacceptable behavior, or have any other concerns, please email us at [conduct@angularjs.org](mailto:coc@angularjs.org).

Commit message:

Update Code of Conduct to mirror Contributor Covenant 1.1.0
See also: http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/1/0/code_of_conduct.md

CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, after:

# Contributor Code of Conduct
## Version 0.3.1a-angular

As contributors and maintainers of the Angular project, we pledge to respect everyone who contributes by posting issues, updating documentation, submitting pull requests, providing feedback in comments, and any other activities.

Communication through any of Angular's channels (GitHub, IRC, mailing lists, Google+, Twitter, etc.) must be constructive and never resort to personal attacks, trolling, public or private harrassment, insults, or other unprofessional conduct.

We promise to extend courtesy and respect to everyone involved in this project regardless of gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, race, ethnicity, religion, or level of experience. We expect anyone contributing to the Angular project to do the same.

This code of conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces when an individual is representing the project or its community.

If any member of the community violates this code of conduct, the maintainers of the Angular project may take action, removing issues, comments, and PRs or blocking accounts as deemed appropriate.

If you are subject to or witness unacceptable behavior, or have any other concerns, please email us at [conduct@angularjs.org](mailto:coc@angularjs.org).
